(Explain a situation where you have made an ethical decision. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made, and how you reflect on the decision now.)

I was born as the eldest daughter of an ethnic household. I was born with expectations & into responsibility. My whole childhood & teenage life consisted of nothing but work. My life was predetermined for me & I was not only to be my mothers' right-hand but my families keeper.

I could've chose to accept this life for myself. I made the decision to run-away. 

At the age of 17 cussed at my mother for the first time in my life & I packed my clothes into rubbish bags and ran away. I was nowhere near equipped or ready to move away from home, but no one runs away from home unless they're chased. 

When I look back now, I just wish I'd taken that step sooner. I wish I didn't spend most of my life silently enduring. I've changed & transformed probably a million times over. I'm not the person I used to be, nor will I ever be them again. I wish I didn't spend so much time centering my whole life around someone who wasn't myself.
//

(Describe how your culture and the people around you have influenced your values and identity.)
Against my upbringing, I've become someone who is good at putting themselves first. Things like establishing boundaries, respecting others, shifting perspective/s, reflecting consistently/constantly - these things are very important to me. I have a desire to live my life fully, present in all of its glory. To live in auto-pilot in contentment, is the same as death to me.
//

(Identify your strengths and how they will support you during your learning journey.)
I'm a leader.
I'm friendly. 
I'm good at communicating & articulating myself.
I'm great multi-tasking.
I work well under pressure.
I'm resilient.
These qualities allow me to work effectively and efficiently independently as well as with a team. 
//

(Evaluate your limitations in terms of your learning and career development. How might these affect your learning journey?)
I'm burnt out & lazy. I've been in the work force ever since I was 7.
I can be perceived as a bit insensitive and unprofessional when I've warmed up to my peers.

I'm tired of & it's a bit difficult to motivate myself to do challenging things. Though I lack self discipline, the good news is the hardest part if just getting there. For example, I find it extremely hard to go to the gym. But once I'm there, I'll stay there for hours. 
//

(Share an example of when you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss strategies you tried at the time, how effective they were, and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now and why.)

When I was in university, I was assigned a group project. Like any and every other group project ever, yourself & a few randomly selected peers collaborate on a project, to submit or present. The issue here was, the two class mates that I'd been grouped with, refused to do any work. 

I tried my best to connect with them & attempt to ask for contribution. Outside of class, if they'd even show up, they were impossible to connect with. Ultimately I came to the conclusion that it was out of my control. You can talk all you'd like but you can never get anyone to listen. 

I'd already decided that we were going to pass and I took initiative. Instead of seeing this situation as "This is so unfair, I can't believe I'm stuck doing this whole project by myself", I re-shifted perspectives and began to see it as "It's a blessing to have full control over this project. I decide the outcome of this situation".

The day before the presentation, I met with my group & I presented them with scripts, detailing everything they needed to learn. The presentation came, we presented. The results came, we got full marks. 

In hindsight, I would've just spoken to my professor about the situation I'd been given. I would've also presented my presentation by myself, instead of trying to help my group mates.
